Coalesced hashing:
A hybrid of chaining and open addressing, coalesced hashing links together chains
of nodes within the table itself. Like open addressing, it achieves space usage
and (somewhat diminished) cache advantages over chaining.
Like chaining, it does not exhibit clustering effects; in fact, the table can be
 efficiently filled to a high density. Unlike chaining, it cannot have more elements than table slots.

 Hopscotch hashing :
 The algorithm uses a single array of n buckets. For each bucket, its neighborhood
 is a small collection of nearby consecutive buckets (i.e. ones with close indices to the original hashed bucket).
 The desired property of the neighborhood is that the cost of finding an item in
 the buckets of the neighborhood is close to the cost of finding it in the bucket
 itself. If some bucket's neighborhood is filled, the table is resized.

 2-choice hashing:
 2-choice hashing employs two different hash functions, h1(x) and h2(x), for the hash table.
 Both hash functions are used to compute two table locations. When an object is
inserted in the table, then it is placed in the table location that contains fewer
objects (with the default being the h1(x) table location if there is equality in bucket size).
2-choice hashing employs the principle of the power of two choices.

Open Addressing print_hash output:
The Open Addressing hash's Load Factor is: 0.5, the number of items in the hash is: 6.0
Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, Value: Number Five
Star Wars: Attack of the Clones, Value: Number Two
Star Wars: A New Hope, Value: Number Four
Star Wars: Return of the Jedi, Value: Number Six
Star Wars: The Phantom Menace, Value: Number One
Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith, Value: Number Three

Separate Chaining print_hash output:
The Hash's Load factor is: 0.5, the number of items in the hash is: 6.0
Key: Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, Value: Number Five
Key: Star Wars: Attack of the Clones, Value: Number Two
Key: Star Wars: Return of the Jedi, Value: Number Six
Key: Star Wars: A New Hope, Value: Number Four
Key: Star Wars: The Phantom Menace, Value: Number One
Key: Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith, Value: Number Three
